Add doc about url triggering for replay (#9668)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/session-replay/how-to-control-which-sessions-you-record.mdx

3. Manually start recording by calling `posthog.startSessionRecording()`. Similarly, you can stop the recording at any point by calling `posthog.stopSessionRecording()`.

## With URL trigger conditions

> You can opt to only start recordings once your user visits a certain page. After the url matches, the recoding will continue even after they have left the matching page.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can opt to only start recordings once your user visits a certain page. After the url matches, the recording will continue even after they have left the matching page.  
```

> You can opt to only start recordings once your user visits a certain page. After the url matches, the recording will continue even after they have left the matching page.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can opt to only start recordings once your user visits a certain page. After the URL matches, the recording continues even after they leave the matching page.  
```
